# CS330-Visual-Project

In this project, I created a scene based on the picture that I chose. My picture had various objects such as perfume bottles, cosmetic bottles, humidifier, and statue of liberty. Throughout the proejct, I have implemented position, scales, and rotations to situate the objects into their correct positions. Position was assigned using three dimensional coordinates, and theo object was scaled in x, y, and z scales. After that, object was rotated in each axis. I centered a statue of liberty in the center, and assigned other objects to different coordinates. After that, I adjusted heights and size by adjusting scales. After all of them were set, I rotated the objects to recreate the scene. This tactic can be applied to any object design when I am creating a scene.

I was provided with basic OpenGL setup. With the setup, I prepared scene by loading basic meshes in PrepareScene. In RenderScene, declared objects were assigned with its scale, position, and rotation. If object can be colored without applying texture, RGB value was entered in SetShaderColor. if texture is needed, images were loaded as textures and declared in SetShaderMaterial. This approach was covered in each milestones, enabling me to apply each approach one by one in each milestone. After I was completed with an object, I repeated this process through all objects that are loaded in my scene.

Learning computational graphics and visualizations taught me how to apply three dimensional coordinates in actual codes. This will be a good asset to me, no matter which expertise that I choose in future career.
